Hope this works! Directions are specific and I appreciated the 'pusher stick' they supplied too.SatisfiedWork perfect for my plantsThe clip and deposit mechanism did not work as designed. I ended up using gloves and pressing them into thge soil the old fashion way. Now, to wait and see if it keeps the spring and summer bugs at bay.....I don’t think they helped with insect control. I’m about to buy more and see what happens this time. I repotted all of my plants because I couldn’t seem to get rid of the gnats and now they’re back after only about a month or so. I’m not sure I’ll ever get rid of them as long as I live in this apartment. This sounds crazy but I think they’re coming from my neighbor. If they don’t help this time I’m throwing away all of my plants. I’ve tried everything.Does what it's supposed to do. Just put the pills in the dirt and let them do their work. Comes with an applicator stick. Very nice!All my plants died and the bugs did not go away.So easy to use.Easy to use. Easy directions. Needed bigger package.The chemical itself works wonders and saved my geranium from aphids. However, the applicator that comes with it is worthless. They recently changed applicators and this one simply does not work. If you buy this, be prepared to get your hands dirty pushing the spikes into the dirt.Hope this works! Directions are specific and I appreciated the 'pusher stick' they supplied too.SatisfiedWork perfect for my plantsThe clip and deposit mechanism did not work as designed. I ended up using gloves and pressing them into thge soil the old fashion way. Now, to wait and see if it keeps the spring and summer bugs at bay.....I don’t think they helped with insect control. I’m about to buy more and see what happens this time. I repotted all of my plants because I couldn’t seem to get rid of the gnats and now they’re back after only about a month or so. I’m not sure I’ll ever get rid of them as long as I live in this apartment. This sounds crazy but I think they’re coming from my neighbor. If they don’t help this time I’m throwing away all of my plants. I’ve tried everything.Does what it's supposed to do. Just put the pills in the dirt and let them do their work. Comes with an applicator stick. Very nice!All my plants died and the bugs did not go away.So easy to use.Easy to use. Easy directions. Needed bigger package.The chemical itself works wonders and saved my geranium from aphids. However, the applicator that comes with it is worthless. They recently changed applicators and this one simply does not work. If you buy this, be prepared to get your hands dirty pushing the spikes into the dirt.It took a few weeks for this product to eradicate the aphids on my hibiscus plant, but ultimately it did the trick and now the plant is thriving!These work great on my indoor/outdoor hibiscus trees. I bring 3 trees into my home for the winter and fertilize every watering with a light solution of miracle grow. In January the little flies and spiders appear, so I add Bayer Advanced Insect Pellets into the soil. Works great, but takes about 2 weeks. I also spray top of soil with neem oil spray and lightly spray the leaves and bark as well. Watch for sale at menards. currently $5.I put these in the garden several days ago, but it's too soon to know how effective they will be.This product doesn’t work. I was so hopeful. I followed all the directions to the T. I allowed the soil to dry out first. (Over a week without watering) And then I applied the product. The applicators are terribly designed and not easy to use. It’s been two months and the gnats are still flourishing.Totally useless. The "applicator" did nothing at all. The little pill just got jammed in it and I ended up throwing the whole thing away. Don't waste your money.It is supposed to kill the little insects on plant. But it killed the plant first. Of course after the plant died, bugs are gone.Not sure exactly what is in these but inserted them into the soil and then watered, plants went nuts and are growing very fast and very green. Whatever it is, it works.This product just saved my 20 year old Hoya from an aphid infestation. I tried every natural method, and they kept coming back, destroying every single new leaf that tried to grow. I like the stick form, because there was no risk of spillage or pesticide dust. Very happy.Doesn't Work - I stuck 4-5 of these spikes into my hibiscus and after more than a week the plant is still crawling with them. Save your money and look elsewhere.It is helping my plants by getting killing white flies.Product worked great !’ Before use, had nats all over house. A few days after using product not one in sight . Woooooow !!goodHas not killed any bugs, I think they got worse.work wellIt controls aphids in the sense, reduces the possibility of aphid infection of indoor plants, and reduce the spread of existing infections. Does not remove it, nor does it prevent it. Good to have it and I do use it, but it does not solve the problem entirely.Plants are thriving. Second time I have purchased them.It took about 6 months to finally see the difference in my golden pothos. I’ve been struggling with them for quite a while. All kinds of insect infestations kept them from growing and looking perky. These are all I use now and my plants have never looked better!Not sure how effective this is yet, but the applicator itself is the worst thing ever designed. It's pretty much useless for planting the tabs correctly. Cheaply cheaply made.I've used this product for years. It is effective. However, the applicator was apparently redesigned recently (to save a few pennies, no doubt). It is now cheap, flimsy and worthless. The pellets will not fit into the applicator without considerable force. And once forced into the applicator cannot be released. I've broken two applicators in the past week attempting in vain to use them. Now I have to force the pellets into the dirt with my (gloved) finger like little suppositories, and cannot place them as deeply as I once could with the plunger. Bayer, if you're reading this, please raise the price of this product by 5 cents and give us back a usable applicator!Works perfectly! This was the only one that solved my problems with insects. I have tried many things, non of those didn't work as effectively as this product. Thank you!Complete waist of money in my opinion. I bought these to get rid of gnats and it only made the infestation worst so I resorted to killing them the tried and true method using flying insect spray. So, don;t waist your money on this product.Bugs still alive. It is not working for meOnly product that helps with aphids and white flies control during the wintering for my roses, hibiscuses etc..! Hope they never stop manufacturing this product. Highly recommend for anyone who wants to save their outdoor plants from the nasty pests during the harsh winter.The stick to help insert the tablet into the dirt is crap and doesn't work. Either the tablet gets stuck or the stick breaks. Definitely won't buy again.junkJammed with 1st tablet, had to crush it to get it out, the little plastic ejector just bent around pill. Even using a small legnth of metal I was unable to push the pill out. The rest tended to break in half as I opened the blister pack.I've used these for a couple of years and the applicator was a pia but worked. The new style absolutely does not.I like these for the in house plants. I don't have any gnats now.Used this product before, but changes make it unusable. The dispenser is not able to push the "pill" out of the end, even when it isn't in the soil, let alone as designed. The pill broke when I tried to remove it for the end by hand, and the plunger bends internally when trying to use it as directed. There is very little to grip when attempting to push the pill out as it is, and with such a tight fit, it is impossible.This is great. I had so many flies and now all are gone, it worked better that I expected.These are really expensive and hard to use. The ‘applicator’ is cheap and the plunger doesn’t work to push the tablet out once you get it down in the dirt. Worse yet, the tablet doesn’t FIT in the applicator. It’s too fat. It gets stuck and doesn’t come out. I wound up throwing the applicator away and using a pencil to make a hole and then pushing the tablet in-I won’t buy these again.Saw no improvementI have purchased these many time and they work very well. I seem to continually have issues w/white flies on my petunias every year, and this year I had mealy bugs on petunias and some of my trailing greens. I've tried using sprays and soaps, but these always seemed to cause damage to foliage, and never seem to work completely...not to mention the hassle and mess that the sprays and soaps cause. This product is so clean and easy to use. It only takes a few days for the bug to just die on the plant and not return. Don't use these on herbs or things you plan to eat.great product.This product worked like a charm. It got rid of those nasty gnats that were driving me crazy. I didn't even use the whole pack so I have some on hand in case the problem arises again.It probably works great but I won't know about it because in the description one "little" thing was omitted: these spikes are not for edible plants. Guess what... That's what I need them for.Great fertilizer for indoor plants, especially good to keep gnats away. I often receive compliments on my gorgeous happy indoor plants and accredit much of it to this product. I try to stay away from chemicals in general and I know this is a chemical, but it is injected deep into the root bulb, not a spray me or my family or pets would be forced to inhale. Amazing on indoor plants, however, I would never use this on edible plants as it is not natural (try ecosmart organic gardening for edibles like tomatoes, herbs, etc). This year I also used this for my outdoor fragile-temperature summer plants before bringing them indoors during the cold season, combined with ecosmart.Great product, EXCELLENT sellerWorked well as fertilizer for my rose potted plant, but the aphids are still out of control. You're supposed to insert a new spike ever 8 weeks, after 5 weeks the aphids wiped out half the plant. Had to go back to spraying for insect control.Perfect transition. Thank you.Did not really worked as claimed. Ended up having to spray the infected plants with soap water to actually be effective.This took a really long time to get here. My plants already were pretty much dead when I got these. I used them, but I do not think at that point it mattered. I will just keep on hand for next spring and hopefully if I see the mealy bugs early enough, these little tablets will kill the little suckers!I LIKE IT!Did not work for us,. Bugs continued to live on, and continued to destroy the flowers by eating them, in my beautiful outdoor garden during the summer. Ultimately we went with another brand with easy to use spray bottle as recommended by our local garden supply shop.I have waited long enough to give this feedback. I used this product on a cat palm that suffers from mites and a philodendrons has root mealybug. I swap the bugs from the leaf firstly and applied the pills into the earth. Waited a month, the cat palm and seeing some of the bugs started to appear again and it did nothing to the root mealybug, so I didn't wait for another month and put in the second pill. Then yesterday, I spotted major mites issue has came back AGAIN, within less than a month. I have to cut the philodendrons, but not sure what to do with the palm because I'm firmly sure that I'm not going to use this product again. It is very expensive, and barely useful. Btw, that cheap applicator is totally useless.Did not work at allvery good itemWow, found a lot of dead bugs on the dresser. They were falling off the leaves. The only problem I had was that it killed my birdnest fern. I guess it was to strong for it.Got rid of my aphids and got a healthier plant! I have this on automatic order so that my plants aren't neglected.got rid of aphids on house plantsThese are another way to treat black scale.Does not kill white mealybugs on a jade succulentSeems to do the trick killing the scale on my cactus.These really do work! Normally when I bring my outdoor plants inside there's loads of tiny gnats flying around it, so disgusting. When I used these tablets there were zero gnats! Amazing!!This products was the only thing I could find to kill the house plant knots. I highly recommend this privacy.Love bringing plants back to life!I wasn't sure how well the small tablets would work. My husband put them on the small starter trees (came up from acorn) in the backyard and didn't add them to the ones in the front. Well - the acorn trees in the back have grown 10x faster as the ones in the front. Made a believer out of me.Didn't kill a single bug!!!It worked !works like a champ. Goodbye , fungus gnats !My potted hibiscus was covered with whiteflies. After 24 hours, 90% of the whiteflies were gone. At 48 hours, 99% are gone. This is the only product that got rid of the whiteflies. The applicator does not work but you can stab a hole in the soil with it and put the tablet in with your finger. I'm editing my rating because while this product works, it does not last for 2 months as stated on the package. An application lasts maybe 2 weeks, if that. I switched to liquid Bayer Tree & ShrubI have been fighting a losing battle with indoor gnats for over a year, killing my houseplants and being a major nuisance. I tried everything - sticky pads, various household gnat "recipes", etc., nothing worked until I tried this Bayer product - the gnats are finally GONE….couldn't be happier!This used to be my go-to product BUT they have changed the design of the dispenser and it no longer works.I used to be able to find this at Lowe's or Home Depot. But now only find it here. It is an awesome product great for potted plants. I even use it in container gardening along with neem oil on the foliage.Just got yesterday we will see. The applicator is junk won't let go of the tablet. Used my finger old school style .I don't like using it, but I think is benefical.WorksOut to jury still.....put in indoor plants a week ago but still have bugs in pots and airborne....Great product... Terrible applicator! It used to be great, bad changeThis used to be a five star product. The little tablets are still good, but the recent packages have started coming with a much cheaper applicator that doesn't work. The older applicators with the Bayer logo were good. But the new ones are so flimsy that the tablets would be unusable if we didn't still have one of the old applicators. In my photos, the old one is on the left, and the new one is on the right. The new one is shorter and has a much smaller diameter rod inside. The result is that the whole thing just bends flimsily instead of pushing the tablet out into the soil.This is an awesome product! I noticed that my hanging plants during the summer would suddenly be covered in white flies. Very quickly they would start to look like they were dying. I found this and you shove these little "pills" down into the dirt with the little plunger they give you and the white flies go away and then they fertilize your plants. The white flies don't come back, the plant thrives until the fall. They only last a few months to fertilize, but by the time they are disolved an no longer effective, fall is here and they plant is done anyway. Oregon has a short summer. If you're lasts longer where you are, then you can just shove in more "pills" and you are good to go again. Excellent product everyone. Don't hesitate to use it. Thanks Bayer! Please don't stop making this!Had to return Bayer Advanced 701710 2in1 Insect Control. Honestly saw no improvement in my plants after 3weeks. What a waste of time!This is a great product. I have a lot of plants throughout my home. Some plants are more prone to spider mites and mealy bugs. I had an Hibiscus plant that kept getting spider mites. A friend gave me some of her spikes. You put this in the soil and it prevents both. It is also a fertilizer, so you are fertilizing your plants at the same time. It works very well.I started alfalfa sprouts right away, and I have had no problemsVite livré et conforme.Killed all the bugs on my flowers : )This was just the perfect solution to the attack on my bougainvillea! They were recommended by a gardener in Virginia, and they did the trick. I will order them again.THEse have worked well with my ornamental sweet potato vines and geraniums. Easy to use. I used to much once and the leaves burned on the edges. I now break pellets in half and spread around the pot.Be warned.. if you have a large potted plant, you will go through quite a few of the spikes. I thought it was simply one spike a pot, but that is not the case at all. Thus, if you have a lot of plants to treat, this could be costly. On the other hand, losing your plants to bug infestations could also be costly. You need to insert new spikes into each pot after every two months...so again, this could be costly. If you think you can simply cut back on spikes to save money, think again. They won't be effective against pests if the concentration is too weak. You can also NOT use these on any plants that you intend to eat... or fruits from those plants...so no herbs, tomatos, cucumbers, etc.I can't speak about the success yet, since I only put them in the soil a few days ago, but I wanted to alert potential buyers that "spikes" is not quite accurate. They are tablets, (oval shaped) and are to be inserted into the provided pushing device. The directions say to insert the tablet into the device and then push the device into the soil, depressing the plunger, which inserts the tablet. I had trouble getting the tablet into the device, then when I pressed the plunger, the tablet did not stay in the soil, but instead it came out when I pulled the plunger out. So I tried to remove the tablet from the plunger, which caused the tablet to break in half. I ended up pushing the tablets into the soil with my fingers, which is not difficult at all in indoor potting soil. I hope it gets rid of the gnats.GOOD BUYThis product can make taking care of your indoor house plants easy. Bayer products, from aspirin to insecticides, are always the best quality. Their garden products are just as effective as their pet products. This 2-in-1 combination fertilizer and insecticide can revolutionize the way you take care of your plants. I don't like insects inside my house. Every plant that I buy spends a two-week period inside a screened porch, where I subject the specimen to an aggressive treatment with spray insecticides. The insecticide does a very fine job of killing every insect on the leaves and the stems of the plants. I subject the plant to several different brands and types of sprays to make sure I kill all of the insects that may be on the plant. The problem with spray insecticides is they do not treat the soil. One fine day in March, I watered one of the plants heavily. A half hour later, I lifted the pot off of the plastic saucer to empty the excess water. I found two dead millipedes beneath the pot. I knew then that there are insects in the soil. I ordered these plant spikes from Amazon to kill insects that may be hidden in the soil. Every new plant gets these plant spikes applied according to the directions. I have found dead snails in two of my new plants. I find dead millipedes inside my screened porch. The insecticide is clearly doings its job. I will repot these new acquisitions after their quarantine period. The spikes will still be in the soil and they will transfer to the new pots without getting disturbed. I still spray the plants to get rid of flying gnats that may have hitched a ride. The active insecticide is Imidacloprid. I am familiar with this product because it is one of the ingredients in Bayer's excellent canine heartworm preventive, "Advantage Multi". Advantage Multi prevents heartworms, kills intestinal worms, and kills adult fleas in canines. The imidacloprid in that product kills fleas. I love this Bayer Advanced 2-in-1 plant spike. I would have given it a five-star review but for the applicator. The applicator is a plastic injector that makes inserting the spikes easier. The tip of the applicator holds the spike while you push it into the soil. Pushing the plunger should release the spike into the soil. However, it usually does not work. The plastic applicator is very flimsy and the design is not very good. The plunger is a flexible piece of plastic that bends rather than push the spike out of the applicator. It is frustrating at times. I would like to see Bayer improve the design of the plastic injector. Do not forget that this product contains a fertilizer. Avoid adding your regular fertilizer while using these plant spikes. I have Osmocote slow-release in my plants. They were already there when I added the Bayer 2-in-1. No problems so far, but I would be careful about over fertilizing the plant. I would use with caution in delicate plants because the fertilizer may be too strong. Keep the plant spikes away from your pets. You do not want your dogs and cats chewing on the plant spikes. Keep your cat out of the house plants. Imidacloprid is a systemic insecticide that is absorbed by the plants and distributed throughout. While it is very unlikely that the concentration will be enough to harm your cat, it is still a good idea to exercise caution. Imidacloprid is the active insecticide in Bayer's line of topical flea control products for dogs and cats, so it is very safe. It is very safe but you do not want your pets to dig up the plant spike and ingest it. Lastly, I do not know how effective this product will be when used outdoors. The spike will slowly release its active ingredients into the soil and then taken up by the plant roots. This works great in a pot that is housed indoors. An outdoor plant with grasses and weeds growing around it may not take up enough of the active ingredients. The surrounding plants may take up the insecticide before the targeted plant can. Too much water from rain and your sprinkler system will wash away the insecticide from the vicinity of the spike. The insecticide must remain in the soil long enough for the plant roots to take it up. That is why you do not want to water too heavily for the next ten days after applying the spike. You do not want the imidacloprid to wash out from the bottom of the pot. Water just enough and no more. Highly recommended. Insecticidal sprays are every effective but they do nothing to rid the soil of insects. You need this Bayer 2-in-1 to get rid of the insects hiding in the soil.good productThis is very good to keep aphids off plantsI use these when I have an infestation of very tiny bugs on my African violets. For my 4 inch potted plants I only use 1/4 of the tablet.ill by againno bugs this stuff really worksI have a very large palm in my bedroom ('7), did not notice the aphids. When I saw them went to Amazon read the reviews about the product. When I received shot the capsules deep in the soil, watered did the whole pack in one month. No more aphids, I have bought more for all my plants, great fertilizer and I don't have to worry about aphids. (I also purchased Bonite 144 used once, smelled.)Worked great. Killed mealybugs and fertilized well. The plants are much healthier now. One cactus in my planter was not completely cured by this. As many reviewers noted, this may not work for some succulents or cactus. I should add that it did work for other succulents I had, but not for this one cactus.Working greatExcellent for pest control of indoor and outdoor plants.If I could return these, I would. Unfortunately they are in the soil so I can't retrieve them. They are supposed to eliminate gnats/small flies. Well that's not happening. Those annoying insects are still flying around. Don't buy these!Perfect "low maintenance" solution to keeping my hibiscus trees happy!Worked very well for an intense scale infestation. I lost some plants to the scale attack however after I added this product the bugs were dead and the remaining plants thrived. The fertilizer works great as well, as my plants rebounded and grew very strongly after the treatment.I used the suggested number of sticks,but after a week the whiteflies came back. I stuck in the remaining sticks and I still have flies after 5 days.Well. It seems to be working for most of the house plants but the cactus, herbs and fruits are losing out because this product cannot be used on cactus, herbs and fruits. I think I may purchase this product again though. Better results than other methods I bought. Those buggers just move to the undosed plants. Have to figure that out sooner than later.This did not stop the white flies at all!!!they worked for usBought this to control these little gnats that seem to have appeared in all of my house plants. I used this product in coordination with several others but eventually seemed to get rid of the problem.nicrNot getting rid of my plant pests-it's been 2 monthsI am usinf these on to potted tropical Hibiscus plants that I brought into our sun room for the winter. Noe bug problems and the plants are doing well.Works great!!Don't notice much of a difference.Didn't do anything for my aphid problem. I used as directed, then a week later doubled up. Still aphids everywhere on my houseplants. Used Bayer All in One Rose and Flower Care for a systemic poison and the aphids were gone overnight. Don't bother with these pills. Just bring out the big guns.Seems to be the only stuff that will take care of scale on small citrus houseplantIn my experience, 100% INEFFECTIVE against mealybugs. I used slightly more than the recommended dose, including a re-application after a time, and yet the infestation only got worse. So far, the only effective, albeit transient, solution is to clean the leaves with alcohol.Good productThey were right that the pills are too big for the plastic stick. You have to break them to get them in there. Smashed my finger trying to push that stupid button down. If you can't insert these, what good are they?Good product, saw results in about a week!Really did the job.Would have given it 5 stars but but it just an insecticide not something to excited about. HOWEVER that being said this is not the first time I have bought this item. It is not even the third or fourth time. I like this product and highly suggest it because more and more plants I have bought come with soil born insects. I would strongly suggest anyone who buys a new plant use these just as a matter of course. I always try to keep one or two packs on Bayer Advanced Insect Control on hand. Yes, I will buy again. This last time I tried to buy it locally but they were out of stock so you know it is a popular item.I think didn't help. I still have fruit flies flying around.They really didn't work that well and didn't kill the mealybugs in my pathos plant. Instead, using dish washing liquid with a damp paper towel and washing the plant with it did the trick.good concept. Plants seem to be doing well and insects have subsidedI purchased after reading serveral reviews on this product. I was looking for an insecticide to use on a plant that I had sitting outside for the summer. Having had previoius issues with summer insects appearing during the winter months in my house I said why not. I couldn't be more pleased with this product. I waited all summer for my plant to bloom and shortly after inserting one plug into the planter I've had nothing but contiuous blooming for two months and no insects to speak of.Seems to work as advertised . Plants are betterThose pesky Mealybugs live on!!! These did nothing really to the colony of mealybugs that live in my office plant. I suppose I should start naming them though, because nothing has worked as of yet.Eliminated scale on my flowers.Worked wonderfully!Great for the fertilizer the plants grew beautiful but the it did not work on killing the insects.I purchased something else.goodI've used these before, and I reordered because they do the job.My umbrella plant was heavily infected with scales and this infestation began to spread to my other houseplants. Initially I tried 2 topical sprays by themselves and they did not work at all. After using these spikes, I noticed the scale infestation quickly die down in each of the plants. I finished off the rest of the scales with a spray. It has been several months that I have been using these spikes by themselves without the sprays and I haven't seen the scales return. I might spot a few every once in a while, however when I try to wipe them off they just fall off it seems like they are already dead. I highly recommend this product to anyone battling scales.Worked well with all of my inside house plants infested with aphids.These are working VERY well! I only had to "re-dose" one violet!Didn't workBugs are still flying No relief at allJust put these in and have noticed a difference. Really want to kill the bugs before bringing inside for the winter.so far it seems to be working